Laughing to death, Lao Tzu has been in the rivers and lakes for decades
Never heard of such absurdity
Someone called the waiter
To kill me yes
You wouldn't think
You have been in the world for decades
Arrogant and domineering, no one dares to provoke
But will die today
Brat can't mess with you today
I'll kill you today.
I understand the wicked
Yes godpa
You hurry down and kill him
Passing up the mountain
See how dare he hit me
Grandpa will definitely avenge this for you
This year you grow this maniac
Shattered corpse
Chop up and feed the dog
Destroy it and kill him
Who opened his mouth to kill?
Where did the clown come from? Answer me
Hey wait what happened to 11
Wang Shi welcomes the wind and rain
Ah, the breeze brings war